{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cambria;\f1\fnil\fcharset128 HiraMinProN-W3;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The next morning the sun woke me up early and I heard movements downstairs between the interleaved sleeping and wakefulness. I awoke again around noon. I had another email from Nina.\
Hi Blake,\
I am sorry that I wasn\'92t able to see you this morning. I forgot to mention last night that I will be away for a few days at my family\'92s summer house. We\'92re already off on our next adventure. In Finland we have to take advantage of the summer as much possible!\
There\'92s some maksalaatikko, I made much too much. Please help yourself!\
If you need suggestions, I recommend Tarvasp\'e4\'e4, there\'92s a museum of Akseli Gallen-Kallela\'92s work. He\'92s the most famous painter of Finland. Finnish people love him. It\'92s not far from here.\
I hope you are comfortable in my home. If there is anything you need please ask! I look forward to meeting you
\f1 \'81\'5b
\f0 again, longer this time.\
Best, Nina\
\
Helsinki in the summer is refreshing. Everywhere the air is clear, the city is bright. I recall college students picnicking, various events going on in the busy main streets, crowded with tourists but not suffocating like other European cities. I remember the rocks like miniature cliffs along the path that followed the water all the way into the city center, where in the afternoon I would drink coffee and try to get work done, at which I often wasn\'92t successful. There are too many distractions when I am not in my room, when everything I can see is new to me, it is as stimulating as exhausting. I can only take it all in and hope that later when I am home again that I can distill the experience into something tangible.\
That day I returned to Nina\'92s sweating from the long walk, so I showered and returned to my room. Even when I am certain the house is empty, I go about my business as quietly as possible. In a strangers home or even in public, especially when I feel insecure, I step quietly and take sharp turns to minimize the sound of my presence. I always return things to their original place, such as in the kitchen, so that I feel safe knowing that later my being there will go unnoticed. I stole away to the shower upstairs and except for the sound of the water which I could not help, I was silent. Being silent had been a sort of a game when I was a child, but by now had just become so embedded in my person that I could not be any other way. Allowing a drawer to close noisily or a spoon to hit the edges of my coffee cup made my muscles tense as if they expected an actual physical pain.\
Rinsing the spoon and placing it silently on the drying rack, I heard an odd muffled voice. I hurried back upstairs, but at the top I heard the voice more clearly, and my instincts understood what the sounds were. At the far end of the hallway I put my ear to the door. Was that the Russian? I could hear everything clearly. A couple having sex. Still holding the mug, I put my other palm on the door to steady myself. The door wasn\'92t flush with the frame, so it pushed against the wood frame and I let go quickly, so the door shook back, a microscopic amount but in the silence of the rest of the house it was like an earthquake inside of me. I didn\'92t move, just listened closely for any recognition from the people on the other side. The chills that flooded my legs were followed by a weight dropping from inside my chest.\
The sounds of love-making went on. I ran on my toes into my room and closed the door quietly behind me. I should have made noises earlier so they had known I was here the whole time, or perhaps they had thought they were being quiet themselves. I could still hear certain sounds through the walls. I was compelled to sit there on the bed with my coffee and listen. I put my ear to the wall and the sound became wide and filtered. I listened until the sound subsided, and I occasionally heard the lilts of conversation, and then the room joined the rest of the house in a silent hum.\
\
For days I lay in bed reading the Kalevala, or random corners of the internet from my phone, or just staring, while from the corner of my eye watching the very late sunsets march across the wall, slower than I had ever seen anywhere else.\
I was happy to be there in bed. I was harboring some mental sediment\
from my months in Europe, and each day the sun came down from the ceiling and slid across my bare legs it eroded away bit by bit, so that I waited several days in that room, eating granola and reading and waiting.\
In my coming and going, the Russian was nowhere to be seen, or heard. The house was abandoned for the season it seemed. Except for me, the ghost of summer.\
From my window it felt like I was on the northern edge of civilization. Go north from here and the buildings would become sparser, and people would disappear, and nature would be naked. Then I would be in a much larger location. Extending forever, past the frozen North, wrapping around the globe, I would be swallowed by the vastness of the landscapes.\
There was a question working its way to the forefront of my mind.\
What next?\
\
A week later I jumped out of bed, or someone using my body did so. I gathered my laptop and wallet and set out for the tram. At the central station I saw a crowd gathered in one of the nearby streets.\
It was a promotional event. There were people playing basketball on two, three, four makeshift courts with walls plush fences around each. Except it wasn\'92t basketball, because the courts were only half a court with one goal, and the ball was smaller. I didn\'92t understand it, it seemed to be the same sport but smaller and faster. There was a DJ and at far end, too.\
I kept walking by, stopping to watch briefly. The competitors were all men, and it was loud and there lots of people watching seriously and even more just passing by like me. But the players were earnestly going at it. Their faces were stern and they all wore uniforms with numbers on them. I eventually grew bored, since I wasn\'92t able to follow much or\
understand the DJ when he called out things. I walked on, toward the HAM, the big art museum in the center of town.\
From the outside, it looked like a giant military hangar, but inside it was dark with that distinctly mysterious art museum vibe. I bought a ticket from the pretty woman sitting behind the counter and took the obligatory pamphlets, which I looked at out of politeness before I stuffed them into my bag. It was actually incredibly dark inside, the floors were black and the walls and ceilings black too it felt like. Inside exhibition the ceiling rose way up into the air and the space was dimly lit except for spotlights on the work. It was quiet and time stopped.\
There weren\'92t many people inside either. Like the rest of Helsinki, it was summer inside here too. I spotted a young couple holding hands, with a child strapped to her torso, and a man and a woman orbiting each other, probably a date. Along the nearby wall I walked while looking at posters from the Olympics in Finland. I studied each post for a moment and then took two or three steps and studied the next one, exactly as much as my mild interest could sustain.\
The next space had an arrangement of furniture, mostly chairs and small sofas, a few different tables as well. They were all designed by Finns. I recognized a few of them, actually, thanks to my ex. This was the kind of the exhibit she would like. We had managed to procure an original Eames, through an estate sale by word of mouth. That was an accomplishment for us, because nothing else in our apartment matched the quality of that chair, so that it looked out of place and time.\
I wasn\'92t actually all that interested in design, but spend your life with someone who does and it becomes a habit.\
The family was in this space too. They were standing next to a chair, in\
the spotlight so I could see them well. The man was carrying a shopping bag, and a backpack. He was tall, lanky with glasses. Asian it seemed. I assumed she was too, but it was harder to tell since she was wearing a baseball cap, which cast a strong shadow. They were both smartly dressed, I got the impression they were financially okay. Perhaps they both graduated from college, and they like to go to museums together, after all that\'92s how they first met.\
I thought they seemed happy as a unit. A fully functioning unit of evolution, or something like that.\
They continued into the next room, and I naturally followed a few minutes later. I watched them from the corner of my eye. They were strangely content, and maybe it was compelling. As I could never imagine myself having kids, in fact I knew I would never, I passively avoiding the chance of being with someone who wanted kids themselves, because of that, I think, something about young, functioning families was alluring to me. Aren\'92t they strange? Like brand new machines that work mysteriously.\
Then they walked into a theater room, that was large and empty too, so I followed them there as well. They sat in the front of the many rows of chairs, so I sat a few rows back near the entrance in the back.\
I could tell, despite the baseball cap, she was really beautiful. Something about her shape and calmness, and she was much smaller standing next to her tall companion.\
The theater was showing a documentary in Finnish with English subtitles. There were two women sitting down at a table talking, but now it was in a classroom in a rural area. There were very young kids running around desks, and a visitor seemed to be in the classroom, that\'92s why they were so excited. Then it cut to the kids in a different room, watching very quietly the visitor at a pottery wheel, her hands working through the wet spinning clay. Then the kids were working in clay as well.\
A thought popped into my head. I\'92d removed myself from evolution, in a way.\
I had been in a different game than most of the people around me.\
I went through the rest of the museum quickly. An idea was working its way through my body, and I knew I needed to go somewhere to get it out, somewhere I could sit down and think. But there needed to be people around, I didn\'92t want to be alone, and the darkness of the museum made feel trapped with myself\
I went out about half an hour later, back to the bright summer street. Next door was a shopping mall, another large square building that seemed to be the standard in Helsinki. I looked around, there was a cinema with posters, hollywood movies and european art films. I took the escalator to the second floor and found restaurants and a cafe. I went to the cafe, it was mildly populated. I sat down.\
I began a new email, addressed to myself.\
\
Find a place to live.\
It could be anywhere.\
Find a community.\
Everyone is a stranger when you dont know anyone, everyone\
Where to go next?\
Email Margo in France (does she still live there?)\
\
My focus was drawn away by the many people exiting the cinema. Happy couples, tired eyes, uplifted faces, throwing away empty drinks and bags of popcorn kernels, a procession of consumed entertainment. The calm entertained faces on each and every one of them. Maybe I should just see a movie.\
I was sitting down near the window. I looked down into the empty courtyard below. Actually, there was a woman, or a girl, dressed in black carrying a large black backpack, walking across the length of the concrete plaza.\
The crowd was still making its way out of the cinema. A few people made their way into the cafe.\
I watched a man stand at the register with his family. Time slowed down again.\
Besides the few teenagers deciding what to do next, the main hall was empty and quiet again. From the corner of my eye I sensed another person. He was hidden behind a pillar from the workers and cafe customers engaged in conversation, but visible to me.\
He was in a white sweater with his hands on the straps of his backpack.\
Even from a distance I knew exactly what he was, even with my glasses off and he just a semi solid impression of a white sweater and plain blue jeans. I could tell he was looking directly in my direction. I knew in that instant what was going to happen and I wanted more than anything else for it to not happen.\
As I burned my focus into my laptop, the figure became close, and closer until his white dirty sweater filled my left peripheral. I thought that maybe I could get away still, so I did things with my hands to make things happen on my screen as if I were busy, but that did not work. The white dirty sweater said something, and it was directed at me. I felt an enormous amount of pity for myself, because why in this room had I stood out among all the others. What sign of weakness had I shown that separated me as a target?\
It might be hard to understand, but in this situation I felt an immense amount of anger at myself, because I had acted exactly as I knew I would and not as I wanted to\'97not that had I done what I wanted, I would have done anything differently. I did as I felt forced to do, because I always feel in these moments there is no other way and that I simply must endure.\
As the figure approaches, in my mind I am replaying an event two years before in Louisiana where I was pressured\'97by myself mostly\'97to give a homeless man twenty dollars that casually confessed to attempted murder of his enemies.\
The near emptiness of the cafe made my exit difficult. There wasn't enough people to make myself anonymous, and it was too quiet to pretend I couldn't hear. All the while I knew exactly what he was doing but another person inside me did not let me do what I actually wanted more than anything else to do, walk away.\
Knowing exactly how the next minutes of my life would play out, I looked up at the white dirty sweater and at the white dirty, unshaven face. He had a young face, younger than me now that I think back on it. He had that dull and dim look of a beaten down person out on the streets. But I paused at his eyes because they were full of anxiety, bordering on terror, like when I was in college I was walked up to the front of my acting class, to put on my own performance for the first time in my life. I could tell this wasn\'92t actually his first time\'97to be in this way\'97but he did not enjoy talking to other people. If asking for help is the same as talking. It was embarrassment.\
He stopped a meter away and looked down at the table.\
\'93Voinko k\'e4ytt\'e4\'e4 puhelintasi?\'94 (Note: double check)\
\'93I\'92m sorry,\'94 I said. The anxiety in my eyes must have matched his.\
\'93Can I use your phone?\'94 he asked in English.\
The question was so blunt. I could not have imagined it going so badly so\
quickly. I was unprepared. I stuttered and made sounds but did not say no. Why didn\'92t I just say no? Pressure. I could feel the pressure on every nerve in my body.\
\'93I need to find my friend,\'94 he said again.\
The word choice threw me off. I was disarmed. But! I remembered that I couldn\'92t help.\
\'93I\'92m not from here. I don\'92t have any data,\'94 I said while shaking my phone like it was an empty can.\
\'93I see.\'94 He looked down at me and at the floor and at me again then at my laptop. \'93Can I use your laptop? I need to find my friend.\'94\
\'93I\'92m kind of busy right now,\'94 I said, but I had lost. I was stalling but the game was over. \'93I\'92m working. Do you need help?\'94 I was blushing\'97another sign of weakness.\
\'93It won\'92t be long,\'94 he said, in a way that made it sound like a question. \'93I need to talk to my friend.\'94\
\'93Sure,\'94 I said.\
I closed everything I had been doing and left open a browser. He thanked me and sat down in the seat next to me with his overloaded backpack on the floor.\
Oh god, I hope he doesn't see my search history. Please don't type the letter p, or c, or... No. No time to clear my history. Let me just... \'93Do you want Facebook?\'94\
He answered yes and I opened it and signed myself out and turned my laptop toward him. He moved it a little closer to him and concentrated at the machine\'92s keyboard.\
Not knowing what to do now and filled with paranoia I fidgeted with my phone some, but mostly just stared at what he was doing. His typing was awful. He poked each key gingerly like he was terrified of breaking it. Maybe he was terrified. It took a whole minute for him to log into Facebook. I watched his fingers tap, tap, tap and oh my god what is... is that blood? His hands were crisscrossed with dry blooded wounds, and his fingernails were black underneath with dirt. My paranoia was surpassed by some vague fear of disease and poison, somewhere related to my mild germaphobia. When was the last time he washed his hands if ever? I imagined him taking a shit in a public bathroom and not bothering to wash. I imagined a lot of things, my brain couldn't cope with what was happening. From my phone I looked up the nearest convenience store and the Finnish words for antibacterial and disinfectant, antibakteerinen and desinfiointiaine. There was a store not far from here. I would only have to touch my soiled laptop for a moment before putting it in my backpack\'97 should I put it in a plastic bag?\'97then I could go to the store and go back to my room and clean it thoroughly. Maybe I should buy gloves too. I thought about how I could hold my laptop with the least amount of contact.\
Now all I had to do was wait. Wait for him to finish pecking at my keys.\
Finally he made it inside Facebook. I could see he had more friends than me. Strange for a homeless person, I thought. Maybe he wasn\'92t always homeless, maybe he was lost, but being lost, not knowing where you were, didn't seem a possibility given the internet, phones, everything else in the world today.\
His eyes were blue and his hair only a few inches long but dry and scruffy, auburn. He had a beard of at least two weeks. His skin dark, the pores were large and dirt filled. The sweater was a light grey, but it marked with grey and the residue of city and nature. His jeans were ripped at the knees, almost fashionable if not for the same layer of grime. Utility boots with patches of dried earth. I wondered about his hands, but I couldn\'92t look directly at them because they made my stomach wrench. The knuckles were torn and bridged by dry blood, his fingers gradually became darker toward the tip like a mechanic\'92s oil-stained hands, the creases washed with ink. The top of his hands too were swollen and pocked with cuts, as if by barbed wire.\
He was a very slow typer. Hunched over my laptop with his hands hovering he searched for each key. My god, get on with it. I was in agony, but I had accepted what had already happened, what I couldn\'92t take back. He tapped at the touchpad to make it scroll, which did nothing.\
\'93Like this,\'94 I said and showed him how to scroll with two fingers.\
He nodded without making eye contact.\
Everything he did was very slow, like he wasn't familiar with computers\
despite having a Facebook. I wondered at this. Maybe it was that I was watching him, but I did not know what else to do with myself. I piddled with my phone more but when I couldn't find anything to occupy myself with I sat and stared at him and became aware of the awkward silence between us.\
\'93Can you find him?\'94 I asked.\
He was scrolling through his list of friends. Did he not know his name to just search him? Was he playing games with me?\
\'93Yes, I found him,\'94 he said without looking at me. He opened a chat with a man, from the icon I could tell he was older and bald. He sent a message, typing a little faster this time. A second chat window instantly opened, the icon a younger woman in a pink top, followed by three, four messages from her.\
I didn't say anything for a while. He slowly worked out a response to the woman. What he had to say wasn't much, just a few words, but seconds passed between the searching and pecking at of each letter and even more for him to think about what he should say. Every response seemed like he was given a complex math problem to solve. His face didn\'92t change, and that was what was strange about him. He read each message and worked on it internally and carefully translated it to the keyboard. Did he not know how to read or write well enough?\
He moved his finger across the trackpad several times, struggling to activate the chat with the older man who had now responded. He began typing his response, but the man sent several more messages before he could finish typing his one, so each time he stopped midway and read it and processed it internally before continuing his response, one letter at a time, pause, looking around the keyboard for his next letter, press, carefully, as if not to break the letters, these aren't my letters, I have to give them back. I was narrating the scene in front of me to kill time. He went back to the woman, who had said something earlier. As he was typing his response I tried to read what she said, I couldn't, because everything was in Finnish presumably. But somehow I got the sense she wasn't happy. I didn't know why, maybe because I knew the context and I imagined how a normal person would react, or the way she capitalized certain letters or the high frequency of her messages.\
\'93Where have you been? You haven\'92t answered any of my messages for days!\'94\
\'93I\'92m sorry I...\'94\
\'93I called your family and they hadn\'92t seen you.\'94\
\'93...couldn\'92t...\'94\
\'93I even called the police! I thought you were dead!\'94\
\'93...talk...\'94\
\'93Where the fuck are you?\'94\
\'93...\'94\
That\'92s what I imagined was happening.\
On the other hand the man seemed to be neutral. I take it he was friend\
or acquaintance, who wanted to help his troubled friend, perhaps between them this situation was not surprising. Perhaps she was his girlfriend, or his sister, of whom it would be expected to feel anger and fear at their loved one becoming homeless.\
Not that I knew he was homeless, but I couldn't find another reason for his current state.\
I looked around me for the first time, realizing my situation might stand out. I spotted the girl behind the cash register glancing at us.\
He returned to the man again, who had left multiple messages. It looked like he was writing his location.\
I had a momentary fear that this was all a ruse. Perhaps it was the nervous glance from the cash register girl, or the chances of the tourist being picked among everyone in the cafe. I was afraid that he was telling his friend exactly where I would be so that they could ambush me and steal my money and laptop and everything and even kill me if they had to. He would probably ask me to walk with him to where he was meeting his friend just in case he needed to use my laptop again and that's when it would happen, behind this building. I looked him up and down again, from his filthy sneakers and jeans to his stained sweater, and his beat up plastic half liter water bottle with the label torn off, and the bloody and oily hands and his robotic, dumb body language, and I relaxed.\
The chat window with the woman was blinking. He dragged his finger across the trackpad and click it, read the message, internalized it and started a response. He sent her a heart. It took him more than thirty seconds to be able to find the right combination of keys.\
Their conversation seemed to be lighthearted now, I don't know why I was able to glean that from a foreign language but the structure of their messages seemed less serious, less intense than the reality of his life at this moment. I may have even seen a smile forming in the corners of his mouth, but that could have been pain, too. He was too difficult to read. Even the way he spoke sounded confused.\
Behind all of this analysis, I was still painfully aware of his dirty bloody fingers touching my laptop, and I really, really wanted it to be over, so much that my armpits were wet and I was constantly keeping my eyes away from the gaze of the girl behind the counter. I wanted to get out here.\
\'93I have to go soon,\'94 I said. \'93I\'92m sorry.\'94 It had been nearly twenty minutes already. That wasn't unreasonable of me!\
\'93I'm asking my friend to pick me up.\'94 He pointed at the chat with the man.\
\'93Okay, it\'92s just,\'94 I conceded, \'93I have to meet someone soon.\'94\
I tried my best to sound like my hands were tied and that I really wanted to help him longer.\
\'93Now, I am telling him where I am,\'94 he said. He typed a few more messages to the man, quickly this time. \'93He is going to pick me up.\'94\
He messaged the man a few more times and then he messaged he woman again. He messaged the man again, and then finally the woman. He turned to me and said \'93he is coming to pick me up. Thank you.\'94\
\'93Of course.\'94\
\
As I passed the counter and the display cases of desserts, A sudden thought flew through my mind like a bird flying into a home through an open window and panicking. Should I buy him food? No, that would be awkward and maybe the employees wouldn't like that. Why did I care! What if he can't eat it, why would he not, why can't I stop walking away, don\'92t look back at him.\
I turned the corner and looked over at him, he was not looking at me, his gentle baby face, he didn't give me a look, nothing that said I had been duped, he was sitting with both hands flat on the table, dumbly looking forward into space, waiting, and then he was no longer part of my life.\
\
Why did my bag feel heavier, why was I walking at full speed, anxiety! What had I done? Why did I feel like a criminal! I wanted to be inside and away from these people in the mall. I passed the threshold of the entrance, officially disconnected from the everything before except for my soiled computer. I'll just have to clean it, I can get disinfectant, I should clean my keyboard more often anyway. I found the convenience store around the corner and stood in front of the wall of cleaning supplies and tried to decipher the words for disinfectant and germs and kills, before giving up and making a sign for help to an employee stocking the shelves. He came over to me meekly, but I could see elaborate tattoos peeking out from his sleeves and circling the base of his neck. I explained in English I wanted the most powerful disinfectant, and he pointed out a few bottles, but his lack of enthusiasm made me even more uncertain of what I was buying. I ended up walking out with three different bottles and package of Pim\'92s.\
I went back to the central station and bought a ticket and waited on the platform with everyone else in the cool summer sun. I kept my gaze at my feet, locked in my head about what happened. What the fuck just happened. Why me! You\'92re so fucking pathetic, you\'92re so fucking powerless, you\'92re not a fucking man. Weak, weak, weak!\
My tirade was interrupted by the tram. I got on, sat down and watched the world go by through the window.\
When I made it back to Nina\'92s, there was no home, which I expected but still I felt lucky. Even after I put my things down upstairs I didn't feel any lighter. Maybe I needed fresh air, despite that I'd just come from outside. The shirt that was covered by my backpack was heavy with sweat. I took off my shirt and let the still air dry my back, then got into a fresh shirt and left my bag there on the floor and went downstairs.\
I made coffee and drank it downstairs. The world around me turned into a thick molasses of sound. I could hear everything. I could hear the coffee machine sitting their in silence. The heavy pot standing on the stovetop, stood their loudly. I could hear the glass of the window as it forcefully separated inside from out. My legs were becoming heavier the longer I sat, so I swallowed the last of the coffee, it was too too hot, for a moment it felt like the heat down my chest would give me heart attack. Then I headed out.\
I walked in the direction of the lake. The sun was accelerating in its descent.\
I had no idea how deep the lake was. There were small boats tethered to a boardwalk, but it felt like only a shallow pan of water.\
I sat down on one of the benches near the soccer fields. There were a few people walking about around the boats, but without my glasses my vision was much worse at night so they just appeared to be dark blobs. Every few seconds I brushed my legs and arms to ward off mosquitoes.\
I wondered where I could live where there were no mosquitoes. That\'92s a place I wanted to be, just somewhere I could sit without being attacked. After I gave into the bugs and when I was back at the house about an\
hour later, it was dark. Inside I kneeled down to take off my shoes. I could hear the sounds of a small crowd inside the kitchen. It had been nearly a week since I last saw Nina, and that had been the only time. I thought that maybe she hadn\'92t heard me enter yet, I could still put on my boots and go back out, but they must have heard when I forced the large house door closed. I just had to accept that I\'92d have to hold another conversation with a stranger. I thought maybe about ten minutes would fine. Would that be too short? After all, I was her guest, I\'92m sure she would be fine if I excused myself after just a few minutes.\
I recognized the sound of saut\'e9ing. It smelled good and thick with onions and garlic. I slowly passed the threshold just enough to penetrate the kitchen. Nina had heard someone, but her face lit with surprise when she saw it was me.\
\'93Blake! I wasn\'92t sure you were still here, actually.\'94\
\'93Yes. Actually I leave Wednesday.\'94\
\'93I\'92m so sorry I wasn\'92t here at all. Usually I like to get to know my guests.\
Did you enjoy it?\'94\
\'93Yes! Your house is lovely, I was really comfortable. And I enjoyed\
Helsinki a lot too.\'94\
\'93I\'92m so glad. Please come back.\'94\
\'93I want to.\'94\
Her two children, actually twins, were sitting at the table quietly looking up at me.\
\'93Do you want to say hi to kids?\'94 she asked.\
I didn\'92t, because I didn\'92t know how to act around kids. I didn\'92t know how to talk to them, and I didn\'92t put on voices or know how to show interest in anything they were doing.\
\'93Come on, you know how to say hello,\'94 Nina urged them, but they stared up at me, avoiding eye contact.\
\'93Oh,\'94 I realized, \'93do they know English?\'94\
\'93Yes yes, they know some. They are just being shy, they\'92ve had a long day. The trip home was very tiring. But they know English, some Spanish and Russian too. There are so many languages in this neighborhood, they know a little bit of everything."\
Despite that, they couldn\'92t say a word in any of those languages to me now.\
\'93Hello,\'94 I said.\
Nothing.\
\'93It\'92s funny,\'94 I said, \'93because in my room I could hear them being\
shouting and playing, I thought maybe they were fighting.\'94\
\'93Oh I\'92m sorry! We can be really loud sometimes.\'94\
\'93No, no, I thought it was funny.\'94\
\'93They can get into fights easily. When they don\'92t share. Oh, this one is\
Adda, and Annikka.\'93\
\'93Hello,\'94 I tried again.\
Nothing.\
They went back to paying attention to themselves. To them this stranger in their mother\'92s kitchen didn\'92t exist anymore.\
I felt a little nervous talking to Nina. I fidgeted while looking for a\
natural way to end the conversation. I was worried too that I smelled of sweat and outside, so I kept my distance, even though the smell of cooking probably covered everything. She had moved onto checking something in the oven with big mitts. Only the little overhead stove lights were on, so the red oven cast a warm glow over her and the room.\
\'93I\'92m cooking masavaslas (Note: double check). Please have some if you\'92re hungry. I always make too much food when I cook.\'94\
I was hungry in fact, but I declined the offer as I always do. \'93So, what do you do?\'94 she asked.\
I had missed my opportunity.\
\'93My occupation or my life?\'94 I asked.\
\'93Your job, I guess,\'94 she looked over at me with a smile at my odd question.\
\'93I\'92m a programmer, kind of. I do freelance work, contracts and stuff. I can travel while I work, as long as I have a laptop and internet.\'94\
\'93That\'92s great, I have a friend that does that too.\'94\
\'93Yes, it\'92s very nice, I\'92m very lucky to be doing it.\'94\
I watched at her hands working in the skillet so as to avoid direct eye\
contact when she glanced at me in the intervals of cooking.\
\'93It\'92s nice to be able to travel,\'94 she said. \'93In the winter Finland is so cold.\
You bundle up so your face is barely showing, so nobody can see each other, just look forward while you try to get to work and you don't want to talk to anyone. I think I would like to travel somewhere warmer in the winter.\'94\
\'93What do you do, for work?\'94 I asked.\
\'93I\'92m sort of a freelancer as well. I\'92m sort of a, I don\'92t know what the word in English is, kind of like a designer, a graphic designer. I work in media. I get to travel sometimes, but not as much as I\'92d like to. It\'92s also difficult to travel with two kids. I\'92m a single mom, in a way. I used to travel a lot, when I was younger, probably around your age. How do you like traveling so far?\'94\
\'93I like it a lot. I haven\'92t seen much of Europe yet, actually. Before I was in Japan. I\'92d flown in through Moscow.\'94\
\'93Oh Japan! I want to go to so badly.\'94\
\'93I plan to go back, I think I would like to live there someday. That\'92s how I feel now, at least. I don\'92t know. Have you traveled far?\'94\
\'93I\'92d been to Asia before. I took a train once, a long time ago, to Thailand.\'94\
\'93You can take a train to Thailand?\'94\
\'93Yes, across Russia. It took about three months to get there, you know, with stopping here and there. That was a long time ago, when I was younger. I\'92m sure the same trip today would be shorter. I was alone when I went. I didn\'92t know the languages so I couldn\'92t speak to anyone. I barely said anything for days at a time.\'94\
\'93I would\'92ve gone crazy,\'94 I said.\
She grinned. \'93I did go crazy.\'94\
\'93It must have been life changing.\'94 I said, enthralled by her story. I\
blushed. I cursed at it to go away. The words life changing sounded naive, and I knew it.\
She pushed around things in the skillet. She wasn\'92t really cooking so much anymore as repeating the motions while talking.\
\'93No, it wasn\'92t. I just learned,\'94 she said, curling her lips to pause and think. \'93I learned I need to talk.\'94\
I watched her a bit more before excusing myself. Upstairs I sat on the bed and stretched legs and ankles. I felt sleep coming on, so I thought I should take care of things quickly. I removed the cleaning supplies and my laptop from my bag. I sat on the floor with my legs crossed. I placed the three bottles before me and the box of Pim\'92s. I put one in my mouth and several more out for later. Here we go.\
Idiot. I forgot anything to wipe it with. I stood up and went into the bathroom across from my room and took a few feet of toilet paper and went back into the room, making sure nobody saw me so I wouldn't have to explain.\
Sitting again I tried to decipher the labels once more. I could make out a few words that were similar to English, but I wasn't sure the purpose of each liquid. And the more I tried to read, the more I felt that Finnish looked like English, and therefore I was understanding what I was reading, and the information was divided into boxes followed by the percentage and some text was red and bold, just like I expected it to be, but I was not understanding any of it, in fact I was worse off now for fooling myself into thinking I could make an educated guess. I took a picture of each label and translated the image with Google, but some of the translations were vague and the curve of the bottle obscured some words, so I gave up.\
I decided the clear liquid with the green and white label looked the most antibacterial. I held it out over the keyboard ready to fire. No, I ought to do this correctly. I divided the toilet paper into squares, and put two of them together and soaked them with the liquid. I patted them with some of the other squares since I probably sprayed too much. I didn't have any dry ones now so I went back into the bathroom and came back with another handful of toilet paper. I put the computer in my lap. I started with the spacebar, running my finger with the soaked toilet paper over the surface and back, and then using my fingernail passed along the edges. I did this with each key, after a few I returned to the wet ones with dry toilet paper, and then continuing with wet, only becoming slightly less meticulous by the time I reached Q, and then sensing the end I finished by just wiping across the number keys all at once. I did this too with the touchpad, and rest of the surface of the laptop, until I didn't have any more squares of toilet paper. The shirt I wore yesterday was lying on the floor, so I used it to wipe the screen, and then wondered if I could use the antibacterial liquid on the screen without damaging it. I knew it better not to try, but I dampened a piece of the shirt with the liquid and wiped the screen and quickly dried it with another piece of the shirt, and not seeing any immediate damage I deemed it okay. I waved my laptop in the air clumsily a bit to make certain it was dry and closed it and wiped the outside of the lid with my damp shirt and opened it again and put it on the floor next to my futon mattress. I scooped the toilet paper into a pile next to the bottles and lay back on the mattress.\
My head was empty. Weightless. It naturally wandered about the room, thinking about the waning sunlight. The red curtained lines starting to appear in the room. I was reminded vaguely of my apartment in college. At my feet the poster on the wall with a dragon wrapped around a mountain. It must have been for a festival. I liked the position of the mattress in the room. I could see everything in the room and because I was low to the ground I could see the sky and dark clouds over the buildings in the window.\
Thinking back now there is so much to talk about, I have so many questions I want to ask him. What is your name? How the hell did you get to this point? Was that your girlfriend, or just a friend, or a sister, and if yes then why are you like this, where is your network of support? Surely they must know about you, this can't be unexpected?\
I did not ask any of the things I wanted to know now; I did not ask anything. The bloody hands. The embarrassment on his face. Was he beaten? Or maybe he was injured, or mentally disabled. My face burned with shame. None of that would make sense. He was just another grifter. But that didn\'92t make sense either, grifters didn\'92t ask to use your computer and then not grift you. I didn\'92t know anything because I was too scared. Fucking coward. Fucking piece of shit.\
Maybe I need to talk. Maybe I need to eat. Maybe I need to sleep more. Maybe I need to drink more water.\
The next day I met Nina downstairs by chance. She was leaving again for the week, and I would be gone in two days.\
She threw a map onto the ground. It was a ridiculously large map that barely fit inside the room. She seemed to keep unfolding it. She sat on the ground with her feet spread so I could see the pristine grey soles of her shoes. I squat in the hallway, there was no room for me now with the map.\
She pointed out all the places I could go.\
\'93Here is nice. I wish I had more time,\'94 I laughed. \'93Any of these are good options, I think,\'94 she said. \'93I'll be back, anyway.\'94\
She nodded, \'93Yes, please come back.\'94\
\
I don\'92t remember what I did that day. I believe I walked around a park, I may have gone to a museum. I probably returned home early, with snacks and beer perhaps. My belongings were slowly crawling back into my bag, and the room was returning to its original state before I arrived. Then I was lying down in bed with my laptop on my chest and my headphones on, when the someone knocked on my door, and I heard my name. It sounded like the Russian. Why is she knocking on my door?\
She knocked again. I stood and slid into a pair of gym shorts and flattened my hair and went to door and opened it.\
"I made tea, would you like some?"\
The Russian stood there in her matching pajamas stirring a spoon in her cup with the other hand.\
\'93No thank you, I\'92m good,\'94 I responded reflexively.\
\'93Well, if you want some, it\'92s downstairs.\'94\
There was a pause, just short enough before becoming awkward.\
She said, \'93I am leaving tomorrow.\'94\
\'93Leaving, like, forever?\'94 I asked.\
\'93Just for the rest of summer. I am going to hitchhike across Europe,\'94 she\
said.\
\'93That\'92s exciting,\'94 which I truly thought, but came out of me like plastic. \'93But I will be back in about a month for school. I am going with my\
boyfriend, he\'92s still in school so he\'92ll meet me in two weeks.\'94\
\'93Isn\'92t that dangerous? Hitchhiking.\'94 She shook her head, but I said,\
\'93You\'92re brave. Braver than I am.\'94\
\'93No, not at all, it\'92s not dangerous. You shouldn\'92t be so scared.\'94\
The way she spoke, she spoke slowly, let her words sit in the air between\
us, so that we could consider them together.\
Standing in my doorway in light blue patterned pajamas, she felt\
harmless, even vulnerable. I couldn\'92t imagine the way she was before. She was terse, and although it made her unfriendly on the surface, I knew she wasn\'92t unkind. She looked smaller, even shorter than me. She seemed, no, she was a nice person.\
I don't like mean people, but unfriendly people that you befriend is like winning a competition. This wasn't the case this time, since this was the second and last time I ever saw her and I\'92d never have the chance to win her friendship, but just that glimpse took my imagination. There in my mind she grew into a person with a history and a future, infinite details I wanted to grasp, to bring into my own mind this side of this person, because how many sides are there? How could I ever know this person, given all the time in the world, I could only scratch the surface. We would have to start from the beginning, from where she was born, to what she did in school, to when she learned to read, when she made friends online, when they sent her packages, when she rejected another\'92s advance for the first time, to when she really believed in something, we\'92d have to go all the way back there, to the very beginning to get to here, but is there really time? Even if there were time, do I have the courage?\
I wanted to say this to her, in truth I wanted to keep talking to her, I wanted to drink tea with this stranger.\
\'93So you\'92re a student, or you\'92re living here. In Finland?\'94\
\'93I came here for school two years ago, and I\'92ll graduate after the new year. I don\'92t know what I plan to do after, I will probably stay here and move in with my boyfriend.\'94\
\'93Where in Russia, are you from?\'94\
\'93Nizhny Novgorod.\'94\
Where was it? I pictured Russia like a vast empty space and she was\
floating inside.\
When I was thirteen I had a friend online, she was from Indiana. I have never been to Indiana, it\'92s just a vaguely outlined shape on a map to me, except that inside of it there is a girl I once knew. Years later it still remains the same; a thirteen year old girl inhabits that place.\
There were other places in my mental network that looked much the same, out of date and ill defined. Every day is a challenge in collecting and updating all those places while I have the chance, until they are out reach, like marbles rolling away from me in every direction.\
No matter how much I\'92ve said, it\'92s not enough. It\'92s not everything I wanted to say, that I set out to say. There will be that which is left unsaid inside of me forever, creating a distance to everyone else, and I can only get so close to bridging that gap.}