{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cambria;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf0 Then I woke up and got my things together and went away because thats whats I knew had to do, that was my immediate goal, to not waste the amount of a costly airline ticket. Because I knew I had been a shameful idiot. Actually nothing had happened between us, but I had put myself out there and exposed myself in a way that I said I was okay with, but that was a lie, no one likes to be so exposed. As she helped me gather my things scattered about the room, we made small talk and discussed the details of getting to the airport. The unimpeded morning sun blew up the room, warming the white walls, white bed sheets, white ceiling, our skin, teeth, and faces and eyes.\
Everything was more real now than i wanted it to be. \
Everything I had went into a backpack, and then I was ready. My entire life of things I owned was in there. But to say that that backpack was my entire life would be misleading, because once I was sitting in the taxi and looked at her waving at me from the other side of the tinted glass, I knew that I was being separated from the most important thing in my life at that moment. Not only that but I was crossing continent and sea, without any guarantee of seeing her again.\
That is what I believed in that moment -- how do we move on from such moments if we really believe it to be so?\
In the tinted black interior of the cab I was swallowed by my gloom.\
It hit me all the time in those nine days, I had only seen her for half of the days, and in those days when I spent time with her I was not myself, and I was anxious, and unable to enjoy them, how I had not enjoyed most of my stay, and not enjoyed being around her, how stupid had I been? I was watching the best days recede into the background of my life knowing that I squandered them.\
I thought about the sights and smells and sounds, all those things that would soon disappear, I could see her and remember the way she snuck up into my to say it\'92s okay to hold me but what had she said, what were all the things that we had said to each other, we had talked a lot hadn\'92t we, if I could remember I could write them down, why hadn\'92t I written it all down already, I tried to remember those things, I held onto that thought as long as I could, then it was gone.}