{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cambria;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Cambria-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Cambria-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red251\green72\blue71;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c99600\c38000\c34500;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf0 Candy!\
\
Story about
\f1\b  women in my life
\f0\b0 , muses, 
\f1\b sugar
\f0\b0 , 
\f1\b sweetness
\f0\b0 .\
\

\f1\b\fs48 Write everything like a suicide note.\
Brutally honest.\
I want everyone to read it and to know what really went on in my head.\

\f0\b0\fs30 \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 I once climbed a tree with a woman that had taken over my thoughts. It was late autumn in the south of France, under the best possible weather for falling in love. So I put away the book I had been holding in my head, in order to think about her.\
She had asked me if I wanted to climb a tree. I couldn\'92t recall ever climbing a tree, but I joined her. When her eyes looked into mine, they stopped their for a moment and I saw a familiar sunshine. Little copies of the sky. When was the last time I saw her?\
\
But how long has it been, really?\
It didn\'92t matter, because that was the second to last time now, and here I was today.\
\
\'93How long are you here for?\'94 she asked me.\
\'93Nine days" I said. "Actually, I leave early on the last day, so eight days, including today. Please, don\'92t let me get in the way of your life!  School, or work,\'94 I said gesturing my hand in the air at invisible responsibilities.\
Her eyes made me become conscious of myself and I looked past her at the crowds walking in and out of the park, before returning to her face, like she was still trying to gauge me. She released her lock on my face and looked away. She was smiling.\
I walked alongside her through the plaza.\
It was more of a chase for me, she walked with so much energy. She walked as if she were running late, so that at each window we passed I caught only a glimpse of the life inside. \
I thought, 
\f2\i She's happy to see me
\f0\i0 .\
\
\'93The weather is perfect year round. Something about the mountains and the sea, it's like a bubble with its own climate. A storm could be headed straight for us, yet something about the geography keeps all the bad out.\'94\
\
\
\
"Maybe," she said, "I don't know. My life is up in the air right now, I guess. My plan was to be finished school, yet...\'94\
Her voice had changed. It was warmer and more relaxing than I remembered. It hit me then that she sounded like an adult. We had grown up.\
\
\'93So, what do you want to do here?\'94 she asked.\
I hadn't thought about it. I really didn\'92t know.\
\
\'93So how did you get here?\'94 she asked me. She crouched where the tide met our feet as they sunk into the sand.\
We walked the beach looking for a good spot to rest and hide from the cold wind. I explained the path that took me from selling all my belongings in Chicago and flying to Japan, coming to Estonia, Finland, Latvia, the Balkans, the Netherlands, Belgium, and finally France. I had slowly gravitated westward down over nine months.\
\
We sat next to a wall of beach grass. \'93Do you plan to stay in here forever?\'94 I asked.\
\
\'93I don\'92t know anymore. I had dreams back home that I still haven\'92t seen through. I feel like I can\'92t stay here forever," she said as her eyes searched the waves for the right words. "All of my friends are here, they\'92re like my family. But I don\'92t know if that\'92s the right reason to stay. Why did you leave?\'94\
\
\cb2 \'93Well I was in a relationship for a while. A long while. She thought we were going to get married,\'94 I said. \'93But what I wanted had changed.\'94\
She nodded, \'93I remember her, we had all hung out once?"\
I explained what happened to her, skipping many of the worst details of that time of my life, so that the story was bittersweet. How could I explain everything to her?\
\cb1 \
"I feel like a bad person," I confessed.\
"Oh, you shouldn't feel guilty," she said. "I don't think you're a bad person."\
The way she expressed herself, she was gentle. I thought, 
\f2\i maybe you are right
\f0\i0 .\
Following her around these few days, I was constantly reminded that she was a good, sweet person.\
\
"I want to write," I said.\
"Write about what?" she asked.\
this, what we're doing right now, talking. ive been working on a book, kind of, its just lots of notes right now. but its about this. does that make sense?\
\'93I want to write about this, what we\'92re doing. Talking. Does that make sense?\'94 I hadn\'92t explained that to anyone yet, because it was still raw and embarrassing.\
It was dark, our faces in shadow.\
"Yes, I think I understand," she said.\
Wasn\'92t that nice when someone understood.\
The conversation continued. Each of us updating the image of the other that we held since the last time we met.\
After a lull, as it was nearing time for the last bus, in the space between the sound of her voice and mine, I heard another voice in my head ask the question.\

\f2\i Would I have kids with this person?\

\f0\i0 I had never asked myself that question before about anyone. But it happened, I can never take that thought back, and it reverberates in my head to this day. Children had never played a role in my future, I simply didn't think about them.\
That same voice in my head asked, 
\f2\i What are you doing here?}