{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cambria;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Cambria-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 Then I was in an ambulance. \
From the darkness outside into the brightly lit interior. I kept questioning the men looking down at me, and I kept laughing. I had never been in an ambulance before.\
Then I was outside again walking toward a hospital. Kenta was pulling on my shoulders, telling me get in, get in. I sat in the wheelchair, finally, although I insisted it wasn't necessary.\
I can't say how I got from room to room, just at some point I was sitting before a doctor. A nurse was wiping the dirt and blood from my face.\
People around me were talking, but I couldn\'92t make sense of the conversation.\
Kenta was speaking with the doctor, and this annoyed me so much, because I felt like I was being ignored. I spoke over them, asking the doctor questions you would find in a Japanese textbook.\
I kept repeating the questions because he didn\'92t answer me, didn\'92t even look at me. The nurse who was wiping my face snapped at me like I was a child. I was flooded with embarrassment. It began to set in that I had done something terrible.\
Then I was stood up and walked over to a large circular machine. Two young nurses were preparing it. One was adjusting my legs in the bed, and the other was straightening my head gently. She was looking down into my face, she was about my age, with big sad eyes, beautiful and clear. Against the stale white emergency room, her face filled my vision. They were the most intensely beautiful eyes I had ever seen, because they were taking care of me.\
I began questioning her too. I could see her holding back laughter. I was still drunk and out of my mind, but I was in love, too.\
They left the room and as the machine did its work I giggled, my body shaking, I couldn\'92t stop it. I couldn\'92t tell which direction my thoughts were going, my eyes were closed, but I sensed the light of the machine passing through my lids.\
This was fun I thought. Life is amazing, that I can find myself here, just minutes ago I was\'85 I couldn\'92t remember, but now I\'92m here, am I dying? I could be dying in a hospital, but at least I'm having fun.\
Then I was in and out of sleep in the wheelchair passing through the empty lobbies, all the patients hidden away for the night. At the reception desk I was fully awake again. An hour had passed and I couldn\'92t remember any of it.\
It was time to go. Kenta wheeled me outside and I got out of the wheelchair and stood outside in the quiet darkness.\
I didn\'92t feel drunk anymore, or in any pain, although I couldn't actually feel any of my face. I had a moment of lucidity, like I\'92d just woken from a dream of a hospital.\
I had a broken nose and fractured cheekbone. The bridge of my nose was severely swollen. Cuts from the rocks across my forehead. A bruise was flowing down from my eye to my lips.\
Feeling sober, the embarrassment flooded me in heavy waves.\
I had ruined my friend's night. \
And I felt that I was still in danger.\
I didn\'92t want to be alone, for the fear that the bleeding could start again, and at worst it it could happen in my sleep. I would drown in my sleep.\
\'93How about,\'94 Kenta started, an awkward smile, \'93we go to Shibuya?\'94\
\'93Really?"  I pretended to think it over. "Are you sure? Yes. Yes, let\'92s go.\'94\
It was just past midnight. Before grabbing a taxi, we went into the 7-eleven to buy a shirt, since mine was covered in blood. Leaving the outside again, the interior was bright white, illuminating every surface and the blood and the humiliation, and the music was loud and happy. I bought it and changed in the bathroom, putting the bloodied shirt in the trash. I stuffed a wad of paper towels in all my pockets just in case. There weren\'92t any small size shirts, so I wore an oversized v-neck. My chest hair was exposed. I felt silly, but \
\'93Good as new, huh,\'94 Kenta laughed.\
I tried to laugh too, but pain shot through my nose. I tried to blow my nose to relieve the pressure. The paper was covered in fresh blood and old blood.\
\'93Don\'92t do that!\'94 Kenta scolded me, with real concern in his voice. \'93Nurse said don't touch!\
In the cab I really felt the quiet of night again. There was space to think. I gingerly touched my face, but it felt foreign to me. I rubbed my tongue across my teeth, but no, nothing. I could sense the swelling altering the shape of my face, I could feel the heat radiating from my cheeks.\
Kenta said something to cab driver, and we were out. Not far from Shibuya station, we went through a narrow opening between two popular stores, upstairs to an old, dinky club. It was a small with two rooms, one for drinking and the other dancing.\
I bought a coke and sipped it. I was afraid it would be too sweet, but it was just right. I put my elbows on the bar and looked far into the distance in front of me. \'93I feel like like I\'92m in a daze.\'94\
\'93That\'92s the concussion,\'94 Kenta said.\
Oh. Right. I had a concussion.\
I was the one who all this had happened to and I was only barely aware of what had actually taken place.\
I could see the exhaustion in Kenta\'92s body, his head sunk into his shoulders.\
A couple in the bar recognized Kenta and came up to us. Kenta explained how we got here, and I showed them pictures of my bloody face at the hospital. I smiled because I couldn't laugh, and the woman let out an unrestrained cackling laugh.\
Because it was so absolutely absurd, wasn\'92t it? I knew what that laugh meant.\

\f1\i What are you doing here?
\f0\i0 \
The conversation moved on and I couldn\'92t keep focused. My head felt heavy and raw.\
But it was great to be surrounded by people just talking and enjoying themselves, and no one seemed to really care that I was only half present in the darkness of the club.\
I left the group to go to the music room. It was mostly just 90s nostalgia. I moved to the music, tapping my feet and bobbing my head gently for several songs, sat down to catch my breath, moved some more.\
I went into the bathroom and secretly blew my nose a few times. Fresh blood again. My head felt lighter.\
Back on the dance floor I leaned against the wall, with the left side of my head, the mostly okay side, and simply waited for time to pass, counting it in songs.\
I went back to the bar and saw Kenta talking to a girl that I had seen dancing. I was happy because that meant I wasn\'92t a burden anymore. I sat down in the far corner by myself.\
I thought about things, which I cannot remember.\
I woke up to Kenta\'92s hand on my shoulder. \'93Time to go, huh?\'94\
I followed him downstairs and outside. It was still dark, I thought.\
\'93The trains don\'92t start for another hour. Are you hungry? Let\'92s eat.\'94\
I was hungry, but more than that I didn\'92t have the energy to argue.\
We went across the street, not far, after all it was Shibuya, to find a twenty-four hour diner. We watched from the sun come up.\
Eating was nearly impossible for me. I slowly marched food into the left side of my mouth, and rubbed it between my teeth sideways as gently as I could until I could swallow it.\
We set out an hour later for Shibuya station. We were headed in opposite directions, so at the base of the stairs underground, we laughed and said goodbye. He told me to be careful. I told him thank you.\
I went through the station into the tracks and checked for the first train. I looked for a clock, but there weren\'92t any clocks anywhere. I guess everyone had a phone, no need for a clock, but mine had been dead all night.\
I leaned on one of the pillars and slid down. My head was tremendously heavy. I could guess that I had about fifteen minutes until my train arrived.\
Nothing I could do would make this time go by faster, to make the train come sooner. Reality became muddy. I was too tired to even feel pity for myself.\
My body was giving up on me. I just couldn\'92t hold up anymore.\
I woke up to the train rumbling and shifting in place before me. People were already seated and comfortable. I jumped up and hurried on, sitting in the back corner where I could hide. It was so bright inside, I closed my eyes.\
I woke up a few train stops later. There was a man sleeping across the from me, obviously from a night of partying.\
I woke again when I started to fall over into the next seat. A girl who looked a few years younger than me was there, staring into space with earbuds on. I examined her for a moment, her face was still young and fresh. Didn't she notice how ugly I was?\
The next station was mine so I slowly made my way to the exit to wait hiding my face. Finally.\
From the station, I walked fifteen minutes home, slowly because I had developed a limp. I became aware of a sharp pain near my groin and lower back. I had fucked up my hip as well, I knew it.\
Finally home, I went straight into the shower. I sat under the hot water, without a thought in my head. I dried off, slowly, staring at myself in the mirror. Everything hurt. Deep.\
Two black eyes. Half my nose was scraped and blood stained. From my right eye, the purple extended down to my lip, which was becoming worringly bloated. My cheek extended at least an inch further than normal from my face. The thought of my cheek bone being broken made my legs go weak.\
I put on the largest and most comfortable clothes I owned, gingerly got into bed. I pulled my shades closed to block the sun. I stayed up until eight that morning watching American cartoons, sitting up in bed, afraid to go to sleep because I was certain I would never wake up. I wanted someone to sit there next to me and watch me, to make sure I\'92m still breathing every few minutes. Then my body shut off, and my day was over.}