{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cambria-Italic;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Cambria;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs30 \cf0 \
\
\

\f1\i0 "How was America?" Kenta asked\
"
\f0\i Maa-maa
\f1\i0 ", I said. Just okay.\
"Okay. Then, how about a bite?\'94\
\'93How\'92s your writing going?\'94 he asked me, as he did every time we met. I hated it, so I usually didn\'92t offer any concrete details. \'93I want to read it.\'94\
I didn\'92t respond.\
My earlier attempt at a novel had been about my experiences in Europe. Although I'd replaced the real people and written about three Japanese high school friends from Tokyo: the main character had gone to Chicago with his girlfriend, another to study in France, and the third had stayed in Japan.\
I was certain I would finish this book. I had named it 
\f0\i Candy
\f1\i0 . Almost two years later and I had only written just over a hundred pages.\
Two years? Had it been that long?\
"You know, Haruki Murakami lives around here."\
"Really? Maybe we will see him running."\
"Hah! Yes, because he writes about running."\
Music, friends, strangers coming together in the grass on a summer night, this was perfect, wasn't it? This is why I'd come to this country.\
Oh, what country was it? It didn\'92t matter anymore. A friend once told, 
\f0\i people 
\f1\i0 not 
\f0\i places.
\f1\i0 \
I wanted to hold onto this moment, or what I could experience, because I had become too drunk. I tried to talk to Kenta, but the stickiness in my teeth made my pronunciation of all the Japanese words too strange, and we just laughed.\
I lied down and looked up at a purple sky. A thin layer of clouds caught the light from the city. Then the sky was filled with frenzied dots. Bats flying overhead.\
I heard someone laughing at me, but I didn't care about anything anymore.\
Lets go to the water! I shouted. Let\'92s go, I ran, I ran, someone chased after me from behind.\
\
I can\'92t recall how it happened, but I remembered, after a while, I was on the ground, and warning ropes next to the water, I was lying on the rocks, then I was walking across the field, with Kenta, touching my face, and looking at my hands, saying 
\f0\i it\'92s okay, i\'92m okay
\f1\i0 , but I couldn\'92t see either of my hands, because they were covered in thick black blood, 
\f0\i where are my glasses? where is my phone? 
\f1\i0 Kenta had his arms around me, 
\f0\i I got them, I got them, let\'92s go.\

\f1\i0 He was laughing.\
I started laughing.\
I couldn\'92t feel anything.\
\
Then I was in an ambulance. \
From the darkness outside into the brightly lit interior. I kept questioning the men looking down at me, and I kept laughing. I had never been in an ambulance before.\
Then I was outside again walking toward a hospital. Kenta was pulling on my shoulders, telling me 
\f0\i get in, get in
\f1\i0 . I sat in the wheelchair, finally, although I insisted it wasn't necessary.\
I can't say how I got from room to room, just at some point I was sitting before a doctor. A nurse was wiping the dirt and blood from my face.\
I was flooded with embarrassment. It began to set in that I had done something terrible.\
Then I was stood up and walked over to a large circular machine. Two young nurses were preparing it. One was adjusting my legs in the bed, and the other was straightening my head gently. She was looking down into my face, she was about my age, with big sad eyes, beautiful and clear. Against the stale white emergency room, her face filled my vision. They were the most intensely beautiful eyes I had ever seen, because they were taking care of me.\
I began questioning her too. I could see her holding back laughter. I was still drunk and out of my mind, but I was in love, too.\
They left the room and as the machine did its work I giggled, my body shaking, I couldn\'92t stop it. I couldn\'92t tell which direction my thoughts were going, my eyes were closed, but I sensed the light of the machine passing through my lids.\
This was fun I thought. Life is amazing, that I can find myself here, just minutes ago I was\'85 I couldn\'92t remember, but now I\'92m here, am I dying? I could be dying in a hospital, but at least I'm having fun.\
I didn\'92t feel like myself. I was only half present.\
Of course recovering from a concussion was the same as being half out of your mind\uc0\u8213 entirely someone else. Love felt like that, too.\
The receptionist gave me a paper and pointed in the direction of the back of the hospital. I took the paper to the main hall looking for 2B, but I didn\'92t find it. I figured it\'92s got to be the second floor, so I walked into the elevator.\
Before the doors could close, two nurses with a bed crammed inside. Though it was the wide hospital type of elevator, I flattened myself against the wall.\
\'93Where are you going?\'94 one of the nurses asked me.\
\'932B?\'94 I whispered, leaning over the bed to show her the paper.\
Below us, on the large steel bed filling the elevator, was a small sleeping head poking out from a massive comforter, with a tube coming from the head's nose. Hardly anyone at all was underneath that blanket.\
\'93That\'92s on the first floor,\'94 the nurse told me, speaking at full volume.\
\'93Oh, I see. Thank you,\'94 I whispered back.\
The other visitors waiting were mostly elderly couples. I knew those that were alone were waiting for their other half to return from the doctor's room.\
So many old men and women, and the same young nurses taking care of them as me, smiles on their faces as they rush from room to room.\
Entirely old people, dying of old age, or the inevitable kind of things, just the normal price of being alive. I was still in my twenties and I still hadn\'92t understood the value of time. 
\f0\i How immature, how stupid, how fucking stupid.
\f1\i0 \
What was I waiting for?\
I was waiting for the book in my head to write itself. I had to get a new job, why did I have to do that? There are so many things I had to do before I could convince myself what was really important to my life.\
Before I left home, I took out the various draft ideas I was working on while traveling, about some ideas I had while traveling, and notes on my return to Tokyo.\
Oh god, I\'92ve tried to write this story so many times. It always changes, it always get\'92s new things added. The story is never the story I thought I was going to write. I\'92m always unhappy with it.\
The thing is, they just didn\'92t seem relevant anymore. I thought
\f0\i , you\'92ve got to finish things when they\'92re still hot sweet and molten inside you, or not finish them at all.\

\f1\i0 Something\'92ll happen in all that in-between time and then you\'92re not the same person anymore, and those stories just don\'92t matter anymore. Then the person who was supposed to write that story is no longer the person inside you, or they\'92ve changed. One day this voice is dead. One day I\'92m dead, too.\
The more I wait, the more I change as a person, the more I\'92ll be chasing ideas that will never be finished, because I\'92m never finished. It doesn\'92t matter what I think ten years from now, it matters the person right now I am today, that this person writes these words.\
"I'm going to New York. I'm going to New York right now. I'm going to live there and be an artist." Oh, but wasn\'92t I actually 19, 20, then? I hadn\'92t been to Chicago yet. But wasn\'92t I doing the exact same thing now? I was the same person now, 31, as I was then, going to the same place, for the same reason.\
Theresa didn't try to stop me, or even question what I was doing, not even when I asked her to pay my half of the rent that month. No, she got up and took a tote bag from her room and put a toothbrush in it and told me not to forget anything.\
I drove twenty five hours straight to New York. I took a nap in a theater parking lot somewhere near Pennsylvania. Just before the city I had gotten lost, it was midnight and I decided to stop at a beach that appeared, it was quiet and empty and the moon was nearly full.\
In New York I walked around Manhattan with all my belongings in a tote bag. I was hopped up on multiple energy drinks, I hadn't had a chance to brush my teeth, I could feel the sugar coating my mouth. I went to the MOMA and saw a de Kooning retrospective. The room was tall and wide, the paintings big themselves, abstractions titled like 
\f0\i Woman 1, Woman 2, Woman 3
\f1\i0 . My stomach hurt but, Oh!, Oh, this is where I needed to be.\
I went into a bookstore to find a particular book, 
\f0\i The Marriage Plot
\f1\i0 , which had just come out that month. Or was that ten years ago? It didn\'92t matter, all art was present art. I carried the hardcover around in my overflowing tote bag. I bought a chocolate croissant and sat on a bench in Central Park.\
What was I doing here?\
This was the start of my life as an artist in New York.}