{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cambria;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Cambria-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf0 \
I spent the rest of my time arranging my small apartment in Kaminoge, making dinner while listening to a podcast or music \'97 not much of anything, as my list of must do tasks seemed to grow every day. I found an excuse one way or another to not write. When I did, I read over my notes and ideas, but invariably I found myself doing something else. There\'92s so much to do and improve upon in life, how did anyone find the time?\
I sat down at the bar with him and a melon biscuit.\
We passed the time talking about music and books and art, which was always a challenge because we didn't know the English or Japanese word sometimes.\
Pretty soon there were two, three empty bowls in front of us. I was feeling good inside and out.\
"How is your Japanese going?" he asked me.\
"
\f1\i Maa-maa
\f0\i0 ," I said and laughed. Just okay.\
\'93Are you ready?\'94 he said looking at me with his belongings in hand.\
\'93Yea, yea, yea,\'94 I said.\
\'93We\'92re going to the river, okay?\'94 Kenta said. \'93It's time.\'94\
Over the embankment and back down the steps to the large flat Tama river bank. The distant skyscrapers of Tokyo behind us and Kawasaki in front of us. The long turquoise blue bridge that connected these two worlds. I was preoccupied with the landscape and sky, like a large cool blanket over the great big green field. An image shot through me, I had a nostalgia for the summer between high school and college.\
Kenta introduced me to two women, explaining where I came from. The conversation shifted to music, and I tried to explain to them some Japanese bands I liked. When my plastic cup of cheap candies had emptied, Kenta had refilled it.\
}