{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cambria;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Cambria-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \
Two years later during the late summer, \'ad, I was standing inside a station in central Tokyo watching the people flow in and out before me (like a merrygoround), i had just returned from seeing my family in america.\
I saw Kenta running up to me waving. kenta was easy to spot, something about him set him arpart from the sea of similarly dressed japanese people. thick, dominant black glasses that cast a shadow over his face, or his prematurely greying hair, or was it the nervous energy?\
"How was America?" Kenta asked\
"Maa-maa", I said. Just okay.\
We looked at each other smirking.\
"Okay. Then, how about a drink?"\
I chased Kenta as usual, he walked as if he was frantically looking for place to have a smoke. Finding a bar with him was always like watching a mystic do his magic. he was simultaneously peeking into every open door and scrolling through recommondations on his phone, and then texting his acquaintances, often hobbyist djs and people involved in music.\
we turned off the main path into a quiet street, mostly expensive-looking apartments above boutiques.\
\'93How\'92s your writing going?\'94 he asked me, as he did every time we met. I hated it, so I usually didn\'92t offer any concrete details.\
\'93Fine,\'94 I said. \'93I haven\'92t written much lately, to be honest.\'94\
\'93What about travel? Did you write anything about that?\'94\
\'93Yea,\'94 I lied. \'93A little, just ideas and stuff. I thought I had something interesting, about this girl I met online when I was a kid. But it's not really going anywhere.\'94\
At the moment I had been working on a novel for months that began in high school. It centered around my best friend's girlfriend, both of whom had gone to a different school than me. I had never met her in person until years later, but we became close to each other online.\
\'93I want to read it. I still haven\'92t seen anything. What about the book? What about France?\'94\
I didn\'92t respond.\
My earlier attempt at a novel had been about my experiences in Europe. Although I'd replaced the real people and written about three Japanese high school friends from Tokyo: the main character had gone to Chicago with his girlfriend, another to live in France, and the third had stayed in Japan.\
I was certain I would finish this book. I had named it Candy. Almost two years later and I had only written just over a hundred pages.\
Two years? Had it been that long?\
He looked back at me trailing him. "You know, Haruki Murakami lives around here."\
"Really? Maybe we will see him running."\
"Hah! Yes, because he writes about running."\
Kenta and I had created a terrible habit of going out until the early morning hours. I had often spent much more money than i could afford, because i was having so much fun with him.\
I spent the rest of my time arranging my small apartment in Kaminoge, making dinner while listening to a podcast or music \'97 not much of anything, as my list of must do tasks seemed to grow every day. I found an excuse one way or another to not write. When I did, I read over my notes and ideas, but invariably I found myself doing something else. There\'92s so much to do and improve upon in life, how did anyone find the time?\
me through the glass door. With the jingle of door chimes, I was greeted by\
a wave of music and smoke.\
"Come, come! I think she is here.\'94\
I sat down at the bar with him and had a high ball.\
<<CHANGE TO JUST A PRETTY DJ AND THIS IS A BAR HE KNOWS PERSON DJING>>\
Kenta's friend was playing records that night, every song sounded like bob dylan in japanese. But the music wasn\'92t too loud, there were only about ten people\
when we arrived, so it was a good atmosphere to drink and talk. Besides, the\
DJ was a woman, quite beautiful, she was small and modest, her bangs hung just over her glasses and she was wearing a simple dress, I thought she could the typical plain Japanese\
girl. Except for the row of piercings on her ear and the fact she was DJing. She had a great big smile the entire time she was working.\
She noticed Kenta and gave a big grateful wave.\
We passed the time talking about music and books and art, which was always a challenge because we didn't know the English or Japanese word sometimes, and ogling the sleeves of each record that was played. I kept hoping we might talk to his friend, especially afterward when she had stepped down and started drinking at the bar and was chatting and laughing with some of the other people there. It never happened.\
Pretty soon there were two, three empty glasses in front of us. I was feeling good inside and out.\
"How is your Japanese going?" he asked me.\
"Maa-maa," I said and laughed. Just okay.\
"Is your teacher in Amsterdam?"\
"No, not yet. She's leaving in a few weeks."\
Michiko, a freelancer an American coworker had introduced to me, had become one of my closest friends since I came to Tokyo. Every week initially, then twice every week, I did my best to explain to her in broken Japanese the things going on in my life.\
Often I would not have anything new to talk about, so she would talk about her own life. She was almost fifteen years older than me, and had careers in teaching and as a tour manager. She told me about growing up working on an American base in Yokohama, of her time in Jamaica managing a Japanese reggae band, of her dream of creating her own music festival in Europe.\
Despite knowing I was not her only student, I felt that we had a special friendship. I was holding onto a story of her, if only the parts she felt comfortable sharing with me. And she was holding onto a story of me.\
A few months ago she told me that she was moving to Amsterdam to pursue her dream. I was happy for her but felt a loss. Something about the energy that was created between us made my heart race.\
I remember after a lesson once -- we had met at a cafe near my apartment -- I walked with her to the station. It was cold and the wind was gusting through the street. She was underdressed for the weather and laughing about how cold she was. The wind whipped her dress around her body. It made her seem small and vulnerable. The memory of being next to her in that moment crystallized in me.\
I had quickly taken to her as a kind of emotional mentor for me here in Japan. Most of my early days were extremely lonely, but I could channel some of that into our lessons.\
There are sometimes people in my life that I want to protect.\
I was swimming in Kenta's cigarette smoke, good feelings, and alcohol. Kenta was talking to me and I kept nodding and saying mm, mm, mm, but I wasn\'92t following his story, only bits and particular expressions of Kenta I could rely on.\
\'93Are you ready?\'94 he said looking at me with his belongings in hand.\
\'93Yea, yea, yea,\'94 I said.\
\'93We\'92re going to the river, okay?\'94 Kenta said. \'93It's time.\'94\
Outside the fresh air caught me and woke me from my slumber inside the smoke and noise-filled bar. I took a deep breath. The sun was nearly gone.\
I chased Kenta down to the station. A few stops later on the express train we were at the last station before leaving Tokyo, not far from my apartment. We got down. Instead of following the crowds into the bars and shopping streets, we took a left toward the river park.\
Over the embankment and back down the steps to the large flat Tama river bank. The distant skyscrapers of Tokyo behind us and Kawasaki in front of us. The long turquoise blue bridge that connected these two worlds. I was preoccupied with the landscape and sky, like a large cool blanket over the great big green field. An image shot through me, I had a nostalgia for the summer between high school and college.\
Nearly under the bridge, we met a small group, some of whom were Kenta's friends. I only recognized one, Kaito-san. I had given him this nickname because he enjoyed flying kites, and I could never remember his actual name. It turned out this group was a spontaneous meeting of other kite enthusiasts. Now it was night and they had finished packing their gear, some were leaving, and some were staying to drink. There was music coming from someone's small speaker.\
Kenta introduced me to two women, explaining where I came from. The conversation shifted to music, and I tried to explain to them some Japanese bands I liked. When my plastic cup of cheap sake had emptied, Kenta had refilled it.\
Music, friends, strangers coming together in the grass on a summer night, this was perfect, wasn't it? This is why I'd come to this country. I wanted to hold onto this moment, or what I could experience, because I had become too drunk. I tried to talk to Kenta, but we were reaching the level where my Japanese and his English could no longer bridge the gap, and we just laughed.\
I lied down and looked up at a purple sky. A thin layer of clouds caught the light from the city. Then the sky was filled with frenzied dots. Bats flying overhead.\
Someone handed me a sparkler. Where did these come from? They were beautiful.\
In the darkness of the night, I danced like a fool with sparklers. I heard someone laughing at me, but I didn't care about anything anymore.\
Lets go to the water! I shouted. Let\'92s go, I ran, I ran, someone chased from behind.\
\
I can\'92t recall how it happened, but I remember, after a while, I was on the ground, and warning ropes next to the water, I was lying on the rocks, then I was walking across the field, with Kenta, touching my face, and looking at my hands, saying it\'92s okay, i\'92m okay, but I couldn\'92t see either of my hands, because they were covered in thick black blood, it was night, I couldn\'92t see my hands!, where are my glasses? where is my phone? Kenta had his arms around me, I got them, I got them, let\'92s go.\
He was laughing.\
I started laughing.\
I couldn\'92t feel anything.\
\
Then I was in an ambulance. \
From the darkness outside into the brightly lit interior. I kept questioning the men looking down at me, and I kept laughing. I had never been in an ambulance before.\
Then I was outside again walking toward a hospital. Kenta was pulling on my shoulders, telling me get in, get in. I sat in the wheelchair, finally, although I insisted it wasn't necessary.\
I can't say how I got from room to room, just at some point I was sitting before a doctor. A nurse was wiping the dirt and blood from my face.\
People around me were talking, but I couldn\'92t make sense of the conversation.\
Kenta was speaking with the doctor, and this annoyed me so much, because I felt like I was being ignored. I spoke over them, asking the doctor questions you would find in a Japanese textbook.\
I kept repeating the questions because he didn\'92t answer me, didn\'92t even look at me. The nurse who was wiping my face snapped at me like I was a child. I was flooded with embarrassment. It began to set in that I had done something terrible.\
Then I was stood up and walked over to a large circular machine. Two young nurses were preparing it. One was adjusting my legs in the bed, and the other was straightening my head gently. She was looking down into my face, she was about my age, with big sad eyes, beautiful and clear. Against the stale white emergency room, her face filled my vision. They were the most intensely beautiful eyes I had ever seen, because they were taking care of me.\
I began questioning her too. I could see her holding back laughter. I was still drunk and out of my mind, but I was in love, too.\
They left the room and as the machine did its work I giggled, my body shaking, I couldn\'92t stop it. I couldn\'92t tell which direction my thoughts were going, my eyes were closed, but I sensed the light of the machine passing through my lids.\
This was fun I thought. Life is amazing, that I can find myself here, just minutes ago I was\'85 I couldn\'92t remember, but now I\'92m here, am I dying? I could be dying in a hospital, but at least I'm having fun.\
Then I was in and out of sleep in the wheelchair passing through the empty lobbies, all the patients hidden away for the night. At the reception desk I was fully awake again. An hour had passed and I couldn\'92t remember any of it.\
It was time to go. Kenta wheeled me outside and I got out of the wheelchair and stood outside in the quiet darkness.\
I didn\'92t feel drunk anymore, or in any pain, although I couldn't actually feel any of my face. I had a moment of lucidity, like I\'92d just woken from a dream of a hospital.\
I had a broken nose and fractured cheekbone. The bridge of my nose was severely swollen. Cuts from the rocks across my forehead. A bruise was flowing down from my eye to my lips.\
Feeling sober, the embarrassment flooded me in heavy waves.\
I had ruined my friend's night. \
And I felt that I was still in danger.\
I didn\'92t want to be alone, for the fear that the bleeding could start again, and at worst it it could happen in my sleep. I would drown in my sleep.\
\'93How about,\'94 Kenta started, an awkward smile, \'93we go to Shibuya?\'94\
\'93Really?"  I pretended to think it over. "Are you sure? Yes. Yes, let\'92s go.\'94\
It was just past midnight. Before grabbing a taxi, we went into the 7-eleven to buy a shirt, since mine was covered in blood. Leaving the outside again, the interior was bright white, illuminating every surface and the blood and the humiliation, and the music was loud and happy. I bought it and changed in the bathroom, putting the bloodied shirt in the trash. I stuffed a wad of paper towels in all my pockets just in case. There weren\'92t any small size shirts, so I wore an oversized v-neck. My chest hair was exposed. I felt silly, but \
\'93Good as new, huh,\'94 Kenta laughed.\
I tried to laugh too, but pain shot through my nose. I tried to blow my nose to relieve the pressure. The paper was covered in fresh blood and old blood.\
\'93Don\'92t do that!\'94 Kenta scolded me, with real concern in his voice. \'93Nurse said don't touch!\
In the cab I really felt the quiet of night again. There was space to think. I gingerly touched my face, but it felt foreign to me. I rubbed my tongue across my teeth, but no, nothing. I could sense the swelling altering the shape of my face, I could feel the heat radiating from my cheeks.\
Kenta said something to cab driver, and we were out. Not far from Shibuya station, we went through a narrow opening between two popular stores, upstairs to an old, dinky club. It was a small with two rooms, one for drinking and the other dancing.\
I bought a coke and downed it. I put my elbows on the bar and looked far into the distance in front of me. \'93I feel like like I\'92m in a daze.\'94\
\'93That\'92s the concussion,\'94 Kenta said.\
Oh. Right. I had a concussion.\
I was the one who all this had happened to and I was only barely aware of what had actually taken place.\
I could see the exhaustion in Kenta\'92s body, his head sunk into his shoulders.\
A couple in the bar recognized Kenta and came up to us. Kenta explained how we got here, and I showed them pictures of my bloody face at the hospital. I smiled because I couldn't laugh, and the woman let out an unrestrained cackling laugh.\
Because it was so absolutely absurd, wasn\'92t it? I knew what that laugh meant.\

\f1\i What are you doing here?
\f0\i0 \
The conversation moved on and I couldn\'92t keep focused. My head felt heavy and raw.\
But it was great to be surrounded by people just talking and enjoying themselves, and no one seemed to really care that I was only half present in the darkness of the club.\
I left the group to go to the music room. It was mostly just 90s nostalgia. I moved to the music, tapping my feet and bobbing my head gently for several songs, sat down to catch my breath, moved some more.\
I went into the bathroom and secretly blew my nose a few times. Fresh blood again. My head felt lighter.\
Back on the dance floor I leaned against the wall, with the left side of my head, the mostly okay side, and simply waited for time to pass, counting it in songs.\
I went back to the bar and saw Kenta talking to a girl that I had seen dancing. I was happy because that meant I wasn\'92t a burden anymore. I sat down in the far corner by myself.\
I thought about things, which I cannot remember.\
I woke up to Kenta\'92s hand on my shoulder. \'93Time to go, huh?\'94\
I followed him downstairs and outside. It was still dark, I thought.\
\'93The trains don\'92t start for another hour. Are you hungry? Let\'92s eat.\'94\
I was hungry, but more than that I didn\'92t have the energy to argue.\
We went across the street, not far, after all it was Shibuya, to find a twenty-four hour diner. We watched from the sun come up.\
Eating was nearly impossible for me. I slowly marched food into the left side of my mouth, and rubbed it between my teeth sideways as gently as I could until I could swallow it.\
We set out an hour later for Shibuya station. We were headed in opposite directions, so at the base of the stairs underground, we laughed and said goodbye. He told me to be careful. I told him thank you.\
I went through the station into the tracks and checked for the first train. I looked for a clock, but there weren\'92t any clocks anywhere. I guess everyone had a phone, no need for a clock, but mine had been dead all night.\
I leaned on one of the pillars and slid down. My head was tremendously heavy. I could guess that I had about fifteen minutes until my train arrived.\
Nothing I could do would make this time go by faster, to make the train come sooner. Reality became muddy. I was too tired to even feel pity for myself.\
My body was giving up on me. I just couldn\'92t hold up anymore.\
I woke up to the train rumbling and shifting in place before me. People were already seated and comfortable. I jumped up and hurried on, sitting in the back corner where I could hide. It was so bright inside, I closed my eyes.\
I woke up a few train stops later. There was a man sleeping across the from me, obviously from a night of partying.\
I woke again when I started to fall over into the next seat. A girl who looked a few years younger than me was there, staring into space with earbuds on. I examined her for a moment, her face was still young and fresh. Didn't she notice how ugly I was?\
The next station was mine so I slowly made my way to the exit to wait hiding my face. Finally.\
From the station, I walked fifteen minutes home, slowly because I had developed a limp. I became aware of a sharp pain near my groin and lower back. I had fucked up my hip as well, I knew it.\
Finally home, I went straight into the shower. I sat under the hot water, without a thought in my head. I dried off, slowly, staring at myself in the mirror. Everything hurt. Deep.\
Two black eyes. Half my nose was scraped and blood stained. From my right eye, the purple extended down to my lip, which was becoming worringly bloated. My cheek extended at least an inch further than normal from my face. The thought of my cheek bone being broken made my legs go weak.\
I put on the largest and most comfortable clothes I owned, gingerly got into bed. I pulled my shades closed to block the sun. I stayed up until eight that morning watching American cartoons, sitting up in bed, afraid to go to sleep because I was certain I would never wake up. I wanted someone to sit there next to me and watch me, to make sure I\'92m still breathing every few minutes. Then my body shut off, and my day was over.}