{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cambria;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Cambria-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 I once climbed a tree with a woman that had taken over my thoughts. It was in southern France, on the coast of the Mediterranean beneath the best possible weather for falling in love. So I put away the book I had been holding in my head for the last nine months, in order to think about her.\
I knew it was pointless.\
There I was standing next to a fountain of three naked muses, in the center of a small coastal city. I was staring at the merry-go-round across from me and trying to recall the last time I\'92d seen one, when a familiar sunshine walked up to me.\
"Blake!\'94 her voice called out a few steps away. \'93Wow, it\'92s been so long. How have you been?\'94\
"Margo!\'94 I said as we hugged.\
\'93You know, it\'92s getting late, let\'92s walk over to the park. How have you been all these years? But how long has it been, really?\'94\
I walked alongside her through the plaza. Which to answer first?\
\'93I don\'92t know, three, four years?\'94 I said. \'93We were both in Lafayette the year after graduation, at a show, that much I remember.\'94\
She pressed her palm against her forehead trying to recall.\
\'93Oh right! That\'92s embarrassing."\
"Why's that?" I asked.\
"I remember now. I was taking care of my sister, who maybe had taken something she shouldn't have. She was a mess.\'94 She added, "Wasn't that two years after graduation?"\
She scanned my eyes, and I made a concerted effort to look back into hers, like little copies of the sky.\
\'93Although, that's the second to last time, now,\'94 she said. \'93How long are you here for?\'94\
\'93Nine days" I said. "Actually, I leave early on the last day, so eight days, including today. Please, don\'92t let me get in the way of your life!  School, or work,\'94 I said gesturing my hand in the air at invisible responsibilities.\
\'93I don't think so,\'94 she said, looking at me playfully stern and straight.\
Her eyes made me become conscious of myself and I looked past her at the crowds walking in and out of the park, before returning to her face, like she was still trying to gauge me.\
She released her lock on my face and looked away. She was smiling.\
I thought, 
\f1\i She's happy to see me
\f0\i0 .\
I wiped away a whole slate of anxieties that I\'92d been dragging around Europe up until this point. Two possible futures had lay ahead of me until that smile.\
Now, the future became weightless and bright.\
\'93Actually, I\'92m taking a break from school,\'94 she said. She didn\'92t say more, or maybe the conversation had continued on in her head.\
I nodded, but I was slightly behind her as we walked.\
\'93I don\'92t know, the schools in France are just different."\
She walked as if she were running late, so that at each window we passed I caught only a glimpse of the life inside. \
"Maybe," she said, "I don't know. My life is up in the air right now, I guess. My plan was to be finished school, yet...\'94\
She pointed ahead of us at a large gate. From there on a hill spanned the park overlooking the city.\
I could see on the far end a massive aqueduct. Its length disappeared into the oranges, yellows, and whites of the city.\
As the sun came down, my heart was warmed by the sight around me. The city laid out before me, distant mountains encircling us under a clear blue dome. I had been swept up by the city mid sentence and forgotten everything before this moment.\
\'93The weather is perfect year round. Something about the mountains and the sea, it's like a bubble with its own climate. A storm could be headed straight for us, yet something about the geography keeps all the bad out.\'94\
I took a step back to study her, I needed to get a good look at her, to know what had changed.\
"I come here often to get away."\
Her voice had changed. It was warmer and more relaxing than I remembered. It hit me then that she sounded like an adult. We had grown up.\
\'93So, what do you want to do here?\'94 she asked.\
I hadn't thought about it. I really didn\'92t know.\
"Oh! I have to take you to the beach."\
--\
Perhaps it was just the weather, but I felt that daily life in Montpellier existed outside. I spent the whole of nine days in the street, walking across plazas, eating outside, in gardens and parks\'97living my life in full view of strangers.\
On one of those days she took me to the beach. We packed beer and snacks and set out just after midday by bus. \
On arrival, atop a hill looking down I felt like I could see all of the Mediterranean, all in one view, that\'92s how well I could see everything before me. We ran down to the beach.\
\'93So how did you get here?\'94 she asked me. She crouched where the tide met our feet as they sunk into the sand.\
We walked the beach looking for a good spot to rest and hide from the cold wind. I explained the path that took me from selling all my belongings in Chicago and flying to Japan, coming to Estonia, Finland, Latvia, the Balkans, the Netherlands, Belgium, and finally France. I had slowly gravitated westward down to Montpellier over nine months.\
We sat next to a wall of beach grass. \'93Do you plan to stay in France forever?\'94 I asked, as I opened the beer and passed it to her.\
\'93I don\'92t know anymore. I had dreams back home that I still haven\'92t seen through. I feel like I can\'92t stay here forever," she said as her eyes searched the waves for the right words. "All of my friends are here, they\'92re like my family. But I don\'92t know if that\'92s the right reason to stay."\
I had met some of her friends. I sat back and watched them when we met. I didn't know how to interact with them, after all I had been more or less completely alone for the last year. It was embarrassing, like I had become a mute.\
She mentioned that one of her friends she first met in the street. I was baffled, how do you meet people in the street?\
I liked being around them, despite that I didn't handle myself well. And I liked seeing Margo among her friends.\
"Why did you leave Chicago?\'94\
\'93Well I was in a relationship for a while. A long while. She thought we were going to get married,\'94 I said. \'93But what I wanted had changed.\'94\
Margo nodded, \'93I remember her, we had all hung out once?"\
Near the end of our relationship, my girlfriend had fallen into a long depression. Looking back, it had started years before when her mother started showing signs of illness, and after the funeral it escalated quickly with the pressure of grad school, a lack of money, and fighting her own father in court. At the time I had felt like I was doing everything right to take care of her and to pay for rent and food. Then our lives would return to the good times we had before, certainly? But it got worse. Soon I had found myself in a similar state of mind as her, and everything around us was collapsing. I lived everyday of that last year believing that if I left, she would kill herself.\
That's not what happened. But that is what I believed.\
It had been over a year since that period, but the perception I had of myself was still fresh. I explained this to Margo, skipping many of the worst details of that time of my life. How could I explain everything to her?\
How can I bridge the gap between the years of seeing someone without overwhelming them, without them figuring out they are better off without me in their lives -- I'm just too much of a emotional commitment.\
"I feel like a bad person," I confessed.\
"Oh, you shouldn't feel guilty," she said. "I don't think you're a bad person."\
The way she expressed herself, she was gentle. I thought, 
\f1\i maybe you are right
\f0\i0 .\
Following her around these few days, I was constantly reminded that she was a good person.\
\
Years before in undergrad, before we started dating, my ex and I stopped talking to each other. There was an older man involved in her life, and I was deeply hurt. Now the memories of that time are blurry, but I remember driving myself into my own head and being unable to speak. I was living with my roommate Theresa, who had to deal with my behavior. Around that time Theresa took me to a festival happening in a park near campus.\
She had taken me there because Margo was in town for the event. Theresa knew me too well.\
When we did happen to run into each other, it was never longer than a moment.\
She was standing on stage introducing the next band in French. I was standing in the dark with Theresa watching her from afar. But it didn't make me happy. Seeing Margo was painful. I wanted to run away as much as I wanted to be there.\
Theresa and I returned to our apartment, and I was silent while we sat on the floor and drank wine.\
"I'm going to New York. I'm going to New York right now. I'm going to live there and be an artist."\
Theresa didn't try to stop me, or even question what I was doing, not even when I asked her to pay my half of the rent that month. No, she got up and took a tote bag from her room and put a toothbrush in it and told me not to forget anything.\
I drove twenty five hours straight to New York. I took a nap in a theater parking lot somewhere near Pennsylvania. Just before the city I had gotten lost, it was midnight and I decided to stop at a beach that appeared, it was quiet and empty and the moon was nearly full.\
In New York I walked around Manhattan with all my belongings in a tote bag. I was hopped up on multiple energy drinks, I hadn't had a chance to brush my teeth, I could feel the sugar coating my mouth. I went to the MOMA and saw a de Kooning retrospective. The room was tall and wide, the paintings big themselves, abstractions titled like 
\f1\i Woman 1, Woman 2, Woman 3
\f0\i0 . This is what I had come all this way looking for.\
I went into a bookstore to find a particular book, 
\f1\i The Marriage Plot
\f0\i0 , which had just come out that month. I carried the hardcover around in my tote bag. I bought a pastry and sat on a bench in Central Park.\
This was the start of my life as an artist in New York.\
Of course, I did come back. I couldn't keep up the fantasy. I drove back with just a few hours to spare before my geology test. I showered and ran off to the lecture hall and sat alongside the hundred other students.\
How could I explain all this to Margo before I seemed crazy? That she had unknowingly become intimately tied up into the story of my life. She didn't ask for any of this.\
The answer was simple. I couldn't.\
"I want to write," I said.\
"Write about what?" she asked.\
"This, what we're doing right now, talking. I've been working on a book, kind of, it's just lots of notes right now. But it's about this. Does that make sense?"\
The beach was dark, our faces in shadow.\
"Yes, I think I understand," she said.\
The conversation continued. Each of us updating the image of the other that we held since the last time we met.\
After a lull, as it was nearing time for the last bus, in the space between the sound of her voice and mine, I heard another voice in my head ask the question.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i \cf0 Would I have kids with this person?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 I had never asked myself that question before about anyone. But it happened, I can never take that thought back, and it reverberates in my head to this day. Children had never played a role in my future, I simply didn't think about them.\
The sea was just a black shadow before us. I didn\'92t want to leave. \
That same voice in my head asked, 
\f1\i What are you doing here?
\f0\i0 \
--\
And then it was over.\
The night I was in bed with her, in our clothes and in the cold night, while I was shifting in and out of sleep, I thought \'97 
\f1\i I\'92m not leaving
\f0\i0 .\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i \cf0 There is no reason I must leave. I will stay here and wait. Wait for her to come around and want to be with me.
\f0\i0 \
Then I woke up and got my things together and went away. Because thats what I knew I had to do, that was my immediate goal, to not waste the money on a costly airline ticket. Because I knew I had been a shameful idiot.\
As she helped me gather my things scattered about the room, we made small talk and discussed the details of getting to the airport. The unimpeded morning sun blew up the room, warming the white walls, white bed sheets, white ceiling, our skin, teeth, and faces and eyes.\
Life was more real now than I wanted it to be. \
Everything I owned went into a single backpack. I was ready. Everything packaged into a carry-on bag. But to say that a backpack was my entire life would be misleading, because once I was sitting in the taxi and looking at her waving at me from the other side of the tinted glass, I knew that I was being separated from the most important thing in my life at that moment. Not only that but I was crossing continent and sea, without any guarantee of ever seeing her again.\
That is what I believed in that moment -- how do we move on from such moments if we really believe it to be so? What can I say about a man that believed, but still walked away?\
In the shady black interior of the cab I was swallowed by my gloom.\
It hit me then that all the time in those nine days, I had only seen her for half of them, and in those days when I was with her I was not myself. I was anxious and unable to enjoy them. How had I not enjoyed most of my stay, and not enjoyed being around her, how stupid had I been? I was watching my best days recede into the background of my life, knowing that I had squandered them.\
I thought about her warm body next to mine, and the smell of her hair, in the chilly night, and the curve of her stomach beneath my hand, in between the brief windows of sleep.\
In fact nothing had happened. \
In my mind she was still in her shiny wrapper, an unopened candy on a shelf just out of my reach. I could call her, text her, and at any time. But, what would I say?\
I held onto the image of her eyes looking into my own as long as I could, then it was gone.}